Readme branch (#1)
PineappleApplePinecone/Taxi-service_Project: README.md

### Taxi Service Project
This is a web app that has several options in web-browser 
to work with Database of drivers, cars and manufacturers
#### With this app you can:
1. Without registration:

> * Registration page view
> * Add/drivers page view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Login
* Register new driver
```

### Taxi Service Project
This is a web app that has several options in web-browser 
to work with Database of drivers, cars and manufacturers
#### With this app you can:
1. Without registration:
* Watch registration page

> * Watch add/drivers page

Reviewer: rewrite it without using `Watch`

2. With registration:
* Register new drivers
* Add drivers to cars
* Add new cars and their manufacturers
* Delete cars, drivers and manufacturers
* Track all available cars and working drivers
* Track your cars as a driver
### Structure of a projectt
Project based on 3-layered architecture for future deployment:
1. Data access layer (DAO)
2. Application layer (service)
3. Presentation layer (controllers)
### List of Technologies:
You can find needed dependencies in pom.xml file
* JDK 11
* Apache Tomcat (v9.0.55)
* Log4j (v2.14.1)
* MySQL (v8.0.22)
* JDBC

> * Javax Servlet (v4.0.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Servlet API (v4.0.1)
```

* JSTL (v1.2)
* JSP
* Maven

> * Maven Checkstyle Plugin

Reviewer: remove this line

* HTML, CSS
### Recommendations for setup
1. Configure Apache Tomcat for your IDE
2. Install MySQL and MySQL Workbench or use terminal
3. Register new user in MySQL Connections

> 4. Cope and paste SQL schema from resources/init_db.sql in MySQL Workbench or terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create schema in MySQL Workbench or terminal using resources/init_db.sql 
```

> ###Taxi Service Project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Taxi Service Project
```

Reviewer 2: If you do not add a space, it will be displayed as `###Taxi Service Project`

This is a web app that has several options in web-browser 
to work with Database of drivers, cars and manufacturers

> ####With this app you can:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### With this app you can:
```
